# SinoCook - Chinese Food recommendation Every Day!

Today’s Chinese Food: Have no idea what cook? Use this app!

Chinese students who are studying in the UK sometime have no idea what to cook. Especially with the lack of traditional ingredient. Our system will recommend you a recipe for cooking with your selection today.  

We will conduct a simple survey on the intention of users to eat by questionnaire. After collecting the survey results, we will randomly select the corresponding ingredients or dishes from the menu and display them in the form of a slot machine/turntable. After the dishes are displayed, the corresponding recipe content will be displayed below. Finally, provide user comment area below, each user (by username) can only post one comment, the length of the comment and name will be limited.

You input your mood (multiple choice), taste you want to eat today (multiple choice), main ingredient (multiple choice), difficulty level (multiple choice) ... finally, automated generate a turntable and will randomly select you a recipe and tutorial. And just follow the tutorial and cook today’s Chinese food!  

We mainly focus on the desktop and may adapt the mobile.
***
## Project progress and [log](https://github.com/Xinyuan-L/SEGP/blob/main/team_log.md)
***

## Contents

* [**Team members**](#team-members)
* [**Introduction**](#introduction)
   * [Abstract](#abstract)
   * [Project Objectives](#project-objectives)
   * [Video](#video)
* [**Background and Motivation**](#background-and-motivation)
* [**System Implementation**](#system-implementation)
* [**UX Design**](#ux-design)
* [**Sprints& Project Management**](#sprints&-project-management)
* [**Evaluation**](#evaluation)
* [**Conclusion**](#conclusion)

## Team members
|Name|Email|Role|
|:-: | :-: | :-: |
|Jie Li| nh20812@bristol.ac.uk| Database Developer|
|Kang Zhao| mi20598@bristol.ac.uk| Frontend Developer|
|Wanqing Zhang| um20379@bristol.ac.uk| Group Leader|
|Xinyuan Li| ys20961@bristol.ac.uk| Backend Developer|
|Yiyuan Chen| rf20401@bristol.ac.uk| Frontend Developer|

## Introduction

### Abstract

As a Chinese proverb spread for a long time,'Bread is the staff of life.'
In China, people attach great importance to food culture.
In addition, according to Maslow's hierarchy of needs, the demand for food, namely its Physiological needs, is the most basic need of human beings.

As we know, Chinese students in the UK are always confused about what to eat today and how to cook today.
Many British people only know a few famous dishes, such as Beijing Roast Duck and Mapo Tofu, but have not experienced about other dishes.
Therefore, it is a serious problem that needs to be solved urgently to help overseas students in the UK to select the recipes and help British people understand Chinese food.

Sinocook helps overseas students and foreigners who are interested in Chinese food culture to solve the problem of choosing today's meals, which can spread and promote Chinese food culture.
Everyday you log in, the site will recommend a random recipe.

You can also select a diet preference and receive personalized recommendations, then you will get randomly recipe recommended by a slot machine game.
The site also includes a comment section where users can post their comments anonymously.

### Project Objectives

##### Primary Objectives:

* Set up a website recommending Chinese recipes to help overseas students who do not know "what to eat today" to choose three meals a day.

* To explain Chinese cuisine to foreigners who are interested in it.

* Let more people know about Chinese cuisine, Disseminate and develop Chinese food culture.

##### Secondary Objectives:

* Apply game thinking and game mechanics to the design process on the premise of realizing the basic functions of the website.

* Make use of gamified design to improve the user experience of the website and create more attractive products to active user groups.

##### How to browse our webiste:
* Database we use is MySQL version 8.0.23. We have create a database for testing in ['database dictionary'](./database).
  * first execute query file [*dishes.sql*](./database/dishes.sql), and then execute the rest query files [*comments.sql*](./database/comments.sql), [*steps.sql*](./database/steps.sql), [*taste.sql*](./database/taste.sql).

* Backend was generated by Springboot. We strongly recommend that open [Backend dictionary](./groupwork/groupwork) with IntelliJ IDEA and start the server. Or directly go into [groupwork](./groupwork) and enter command `java -jar sinocook-backend.jar` to start backend server.

* Frontend was generated with Angular CLI version 11.2.1. Using command `ng serve --open` in [project dictionary](./SinoCook) to start Angular frontend server.

* Then open browser such as *Chrome*, and type `http://localhost:4200`, and you should successfully enter our website now.  

### Video

##### part1: [homepage display, get dish from homepage recommendation, dish page display](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xelUfsx15lM)

##### part2: [get dish from customize and Slotmachine display](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79Ki0TsgJh0)

## [Background and Motivation](https://github.com/Xinyuan-L/SEGP/blob/main/Background%20and%20Motivation.md)

## [System Implementation](https://github.com/Xinyuan-L/SEGP/blob/main/System%20Implementation.md)

## [UX Design](https://github.com/Xinyuan-L/SEGP/blob/main/UX%20Design.md)

## [Sprints& Project Management](https://github.com/Xinyuan-L/SEGP/blob/main/Sprints%20%26%20Project%20Management.md)

## [Evaluation](https://github.com/Xinyuan-L/SEGP/blob/main/Evaluation.md)

## [Conclusion](https://github.com/Xinyuan-L/SEGP/blob/main/Conclusion.md)
